Are you ready?
I've been caught in a whirlwind and can't keep still, but hey, that's just me (that's just me)
I'm chasing after it, believing only in this heart-pounding feeling
Call it selfish, if you like (if you like) I just follow my own stride (my own stride)
In times of sickness (sparkle-sparkle) and in health (shining-shining)
Don't you forget that my goal is to make you smile every single day
Reach out your hands, as I throw this vow together with a bouquet,
You-have-to-catch-it
In the blink of an eye, just look around, just look around, and the whole world has turned cherry red
It feels like a dream, but it's not a dream, 'cause when it's us, anything can happen
Look in the future, see? We're together. See? We're together. And our time in the spotlight is just beginning
It's our very first step! Where should we go? What should we do?
Let's go to a brand-new "fun"!
Are you ready?
There's no secrets allowed, okay? (Even the dumb stuff, keep me in the loop!)
We might argue a bit sometimes (but that just shows how close we are)
I can be super awkward sometimes (sometimes) but I keep moving forwaed (so it's all good!)
I'll work out somehow (warm and cozy) and if not, I'll make it work (half-asleep but trying)
With love in our hearts, let's find and multiply the things we love together
Listen closely, can you hear it? There's a bell that rings out in joy,
And-it-just-won't-stop
Even if I fall, see? Just like this. See? Just like this, I get back up and run again
We're the ones who chose the path to the unknown, and that's why we'll make it our own
Because these feelings will last a lifetime, yes, a lifetime, our sunny sky will keep on going
It feels like I can do anything! There's no need to fear things like failure!
Let's go to the new heroine!
(It's time, huh?)
To open the door, let's take it step by step
This is just the beginning so let's pick up the pace
In the blink of an eye, just look around, just look around, and the whole world has turned cherry red
It feels like a dream, but it's not a dream, 'cause when it's us, anything can happen
Look in the future, see? We're together. See? We're together. And our time in the spotlight is just beginning
It's our very first step! Where should we go? What should we do?
Let's go to a brand-new "fun"!
(I want to do this, I want to do that)
Let's make it all come true!