Everyone, have you discovered all the good charms and aspects of Ishikawa?
Yes!
Well then, let's go ahead and present them!
At Kanazawa Station, there's a big Tsuzumi-mon Gate (its height is an incredible 13.7 meters!)
Fresh from Omicho Market it some fish, it is delicious (Oh~! They're all so fresh and lively!)
Eh, oh! Kazue-machi Chaya District has the charm of an old, beautiful town (the gentle murmuring of the Asano River is lovely, isn't it?)
Everyday life and culture live right next to each other
It's so nice!
In Oyama Shrine, there's a stained glass window that gleams with vivid light (it's so beautiful when it's all lit up at night~)
Kanazawa Castle's park and the Hishi Yagura turret (in spring, the cherry blossoms at Ishikawa Gate are in full bloom!!)
Next is Kenrokuen, a gorgeous feudal lord's garden (it's one of Japan's Three Great Gardens, isn't it?)
A heart that cherishes tradition always endures
Ready!
Welcome! From Ishikawa's
Gold leaf to its beautiful libraries
Welcome! Ishikawa is
An incredibly amazing place
Welcome! In Ishikawa,
You never want to forget your umbrella
Welcome!
Everyone is waiting for you to come visit this town,
Even if it's just once!!
Yunokuni Tensho, a haven of luxury and serene relaxation (the bath and the food are both amazing!!)
Karakuri Memorial Hall; where artistry and innovation converge (this is technology passed down from the Edo period!)
Yes, at the Kaga Yuzen Hall is where techniques are still passed down to this day (observe, learn, dye, and immerse yourself in tradition)
Here and there, everywhere you look, you'll be captivated in an instant
...And there's still so much more I want to show you
Ginko-chan! What kind of words are in the Kanazawa dialect??
Kaho-senpai, you lived here for two years, and you still don't know them...?
Geez... if that's how it is, we'll teach you all over again - together! Ready, set...
"Thank you" "Thanks a lot!"
"Is that so?" "Oh, is that right?"
"You don't know!?" "Haven't heard!?"
"Gently" "Take it slow"
"Please excuse me" "Excuse me~"
"That's good!" "Nice~"
"You dumby!" "Idiot!"
"Please come!" "Come along~!!"
...So yeah, it's something like that.
Wow~ everyone's Kanazawa dialect is so cute~~
Oh, that's right! You know, Ginko-chan, "I really love you" 'kay?
Geez, Kaho-senpai, that's not it... "I love you", ...love you?
Ready!
Welcome! Ishikawa's
Mizuhiki, Wagashi, and traditional crafts await you
Welcome! Ishikawa
Makes you want to come back again, doesn't it?
Welcome! In Ishikawa,
You never want to forget your lunch box
Welcome!
This town, overflowing with charm,
Is waiting for you now