Love・hate・love・hate, it's getting out of control
I can't stop it anymore
It's a sin, isn't it? What should I do?
After school, when our hearts connected
A hesitant game of push and pull
Hearts turning blue, then red
Reacting like it's chemistry
You liar. No, it's not a lie.
Don't look at me. Stop acting tough.
Ah, the bell is chiming
I guess I have to wake up from this dream
I can't take it anymore
This drama feels like it's about to ignite
Pure-hearted, this is my first love,
And I'm giving it all to you
I kicked them off, and watched them fly
I don't need those loafers anymore
Dancing barefoot, lost in a desperate escape
It's painful, but I want to know, so right now hold me tight!
Is this a fantasy or reality?
Whatever it is, it doesn't matter
I want a world where it's just the two of us
Nobody, nobody will get in our way
Love・hate・love・hate, it's getting out of control
I can't stop it anymore
It's a sin, isn't it? What should I do?
To cherish someone with all of your heart
That's what true happiness is
I found an idol
I can have all to myself
I'll give you everything
If we nod in agreement, I'll be your prisoner
Friendship, surely, you'll give me a love
That's beyond just that
Gripped by impulse and reckless desire
Lost in the twilight of the classroom
With our fingers entwined overflowing with
Tenderness, happiness, our sympathy
It's the first and the last
A treasure like no other
With our foreheads gently pressed together
What is it? What are we trying to convey?
A dream? It's not. A dream? It's not. Look,
It keeps on pulling me in
I know it's a sin, but will you forgive me?
It's wavering, wavering, our innocense
With a slight fever, I fill the piercing hole
I'm scared of falling even more in love
I won't let go, can't break away, tied by love's sweet chains
Twisted and tight, I long to break free, tangled in your hair
Don't go, don't go, stay with me please, while I envy the stars you chase
I kicked them off, and watched them fly
I don't need those loafers anymore
Escaping barefoot into the night sky
It's painful, but I want to know, so right now hold me tight!
Fantasy or reality
Whichever it is, I only see you
I want a world where it's just the two of us
Nobody, nobody will get in our way
Love・love・love・love, it's getting out of control
I can't stop it anymore
It's a sin, isn't it? I love you