The melody we play in this empty city
Many unforgettable memories
Let's deliver something "precious" to someone
Let's do an explosive jump!
Full speed ahead, ready go!
On the coast, where the breeze blows, oh yeah
Take a deep breath and smile
Here, looking forward, I do my best, zura
Because you're always here with the words "Welcome back!"
Absolutely clear sky
Spreading everywhere, is so blue
Come here, I love it when everything comes together
Hey, I must tell you! I'm a messenger!
I feel like I have so much pressure in my chest
This is my many-sided town
You see...?
When we get tired, we just need to rest "Good night"
That's enough
R・E・P, stay together in this city!
Each of us has our own role
That's what we're proud of
The sounds of our hearts are connected
You and you and you and I...
Let's play together again
Tu tu tu tu... let's talk more and more
You know! Smells, sea and the sky,
Like all my friends, they're all so tender
Because I know that they will be reborn
Again and again
The local beautiful scenery is our reward
Feeling sad... huh!? Where did it go?
Our nostalgic nicknames
Somehow permeate my heart
"Only I can do it"
"It's so much fun", that it's impossible to sit still
Let's find many-many of these things!
Let's laugh, because it's simple and clear!
The infinite distant future
Instead, I want to cherish this present moment forever
And tomorrow will be a new day
R・E・P, stay together in this city!
If we sing hand in hand together
About these unchanging days,
The sounds of our hearts will never break
You and you and you and I...
The day I hated everything and everyone!
The day I believed I'd still do my best
The day your smile touched my heart
The day I decided to "live" in this city
Stay together in this city! Stay together Oh
The sounds of our hearts are connected, undoubtedly connected
R・E・P, stay together in this city!
Each of us has our own role
That's what we're proud of
The sounds of our hearts are connected
You and you and you and I...
Let's play together again
Tu tu tu tu... let's talk more and more