Someday, you say? Well, that moment is now!
I've been waiting, waiting for this day!
Even during the time we were far apart,
Our hearts were always one.
Even if I didn't say anything, you'd understand,
But hey, I want to put it into words anyway.
I just really, really, wanted to see you,
We'll send all these overflowing emotions to you.
Let's make more and more and more promises, A pun on an appointment/date/plans.
If I'm with you, I can keep giving my all.
Even the wishes you might think are impossible,
Let's make them all come true!
Let's make more and more and more promises about our future!
We won't let these everydays, where we grab ahold of our happiness, end.
So, come on, let's swim towards tomorrow.
Even if there's trials in our way, we'll figure it out somehow.
If we're lost? Just do a spin!? Let's make a new promise!
No matter what, it's a promise; Let's make plans, and then meet again!
There's something here.. it's my passion, which takes on no clear shape,
I've carried it with me and cherished it,
As I've gone through these frustrating days,
Piled high with these familiar feelings of impatience.
I don't want to give in; I thought all sort of things
Were out of my control, but even so, I won't give up.
I just really, really, want to see you.
So, I'll take on these challenges, even while fumbling about; I'll use these failures as a trampoline and jump!
We have a promise, and I'm really glad we do.
I've been working hard because I want to see you.
Even if I push myself too hard, I pretend I'm not,
After all, I'm just so happy!
Ah, I have plans with you, and I'm really glad we do.
There's still a ton of happiness lying in wait for us, and I won't let it end.
Again and again, let's meet up!
Let's make more and more and more promises,
If I'm with you, I can keep giving my all.
Even the wishes you might think are impossible,
Let's make them all come true!
Let's make more and more and more promises about our future!
We won't let these everydays, where we grab ahold of our happiness, end.
Next time, surely, we'll greet you, with smiles on our faces.
When? Soon! It's just around the corner!!
We'll get our feelings across, don't worry; so let's make this promise, together!
No matter what, it's a promise; Let's make plans, and then meet again!