"No matter how long it takes, no matter what the path is,
I don't mind giving it my all, I know I can fly high"
"I wanna keep flying so high."
"No matter what I gotta reach higher."
"Cause I believed that is all I need."
"Hey, do I have to be alone?
Do I have to do it to be strong?
If I want to keep winning,
Do I have to sacrifice something?"
The waves come and go
Every time the sun shines,
My heart is captivated
Now, there are so many tones surrounding me
Ah, it feels so good
This tenderness makes me happy
Since we met,
My heart beats stronger
These are my own wings,
And they are on my back
"Alright, where are we going next?"
When I opened my eyes, the colors bathed
In the dazzling light are so infinite
I want to fly forward again
Toward a future that stretches endlessly
I will open that world I want to reach
"I want to feel everyone here and fly"
"Hey, if loneliness is the nourishment for strength,
I'm sure I won't lose to anyone."
Yes, that's what I thought
Every time the constellations spin,
Every time the moon waxes and wanes,
My heart nods
There are many tones dancing in the sky
Ah, they are so vivid
This warmth makes me happy
Complementing each other,
We will shine like a rainbow of light
We just need to make
The sound of our wings resonate
"Come on, let's go together!"
If I reach out my hand, I'll accelerate even more
I can feel the light in my eyes
I can fly as far as I want
The more we illuminate each other, the stronger we become
Let's create a tomorrow full of colors
I want to carve this moment with everyone
Even hotter, even higher, if it's with everyone, more
The sky's the limit, I believe I can become invincible
That smile is the miracle I found
"Alright, I'll prove it to you"
The more we illuminate each other, the stronger we become
Let's create a tomorrow full of colors
I will carve this moment with everyone
When I opened my eyes, the colors bathed
In the dazzling light are so infinite
I want to fly forward again
Toward a future that stretches endlessly
I will open that world I want to reach
"I want to feel everyone here and fly"
"I wanna keep flying so high."
"No matter what I gotta reach higher."
"Cause I believed that is all I need."