There are so many things I want to tell you
Things like "thank you",
Or "I'm glad I met you" (or even I love you!)
Ah, doesn't every single day just feel so great?
Our dreams grow day by day, and every day is a new challenge!
What's even more amazing is how fun it all is
You laughing by my side gives me a hundred times more motivation
(So let's stay together!)
Ah, I can't wait to find out what else we can do
Nothing can stop me now, and I'll never stop!
Dreams only come true when they completely absorb you
The moment I took the first step forward is when everything began
That's what I discovered!
All of our dreams, all kinds of dreams
They take on all kinds of shapes and sizes before taking flight
We all feel the same way, even if we're under different skies
Keeping what we love close as we set off towards someplace new
It's calling out to us, so it's time to go, let's go!
Rather than taking the easy way out, take the path that requires more courage
It'll surely be more interesting that way
So let's laugh together again today!
There are many feelings I want to convey to you
Things like "I want to be with you",
Or "I want to see you" (I want to see you!)
All this time, we've been breaking down our walls
Nothing can stop us now, and we'll never stop!
This isn't a game, it's something more passionate
I'm overwhelmed with emotion, that even I'm surprised
I want to convey them at full power
All of our dreams, our endless dreams
They take on all kinds of shapes and sizes before taking flight
A newly discovered goal, we'll chase after it
Because we're searching for the best kind of love
You're nodding too, so it's time to go, let's go!
Why don't we take the most toughest path?
Because the experience could become a memory we can laugh about
Because deep down, I'm genuine and impulsive
If I were to ignore all common sense, it might be possible... it might be!
All of our dreams, our future dreams
They take on all kinds of shapes and sizes before taking flight
We all feel the same way, even if we're under different skies
Keeping what we love close as we set off towards someplace new
All of our dreams, our endless dreams
They are constantly changing into all kinds of shapes and sizes
A newly discovered goal, we'll chase after it
Because we're searching for the best kind of love
You're nodding too, so it's time to go, let's go!
Why don't we take the most toughest path?
Because I'm certain we'll laugh about the experience
So let's laugh together again today!