Days are shining, If we work hard just like this!
Days are shining, If we work hard just like this!
Days are shining, and sparkling!
I don't want to return all alone, I'm standing by the roadside
Come find me, I've been thinking all about myself (I'm lonely girl)
I've slowly come to understand, that being afraid is no good
Tell me what you feel about that day (ever since that day)
The tension persists, there's just too much I can't get used to
This awkward me (surely)
Is definitely overthinking it! I'm definitely caring too much about it!
Right now that's all just funny stories, it seems we've become way stronger than we thought
Lots of things happened, right? Getting mad, crying, and keeping busy
The memories are piling up within this pure white notebook
I want to write a small "Thank you" on the cover
Someday... Someday!
Days are shining, Today I feel I should do my best!
Days are shining, Steadily!
Possibilities and impossibilities, once they're entangled they can't be unraveled
Having become someone who gives no ground, I couldn't find a way out (I'm puny girl)
In order to clear the fog, I'll turn it all into new feelings
At the time I decided to overcome all these troubles (The time of decision)
The wind is flowing, towards a different world
This transforming me (and so)
Definitely led the way! On the road to this place!
That's why the funny stories won't end, everyone seems to have gotten stronger
Lots of things happened, right? It was an unforgettable episode
From a pure white notebook it became an entire book
What will happen on the last page?
We don't know... We still don't know...
Maybe we're stressing over it too much! Maybe we're caring too much about it!
Right now that's all just funny stories, it seems we've become way stronger
Lots of things happened, right? Getting mad, crying, and keeping busy
The memories are piling up within this pure white notebook
I want to write a small "Thank you" on the cover
Someday... Someday!
Days are shining
Days are shining, If we work hard just like this!
Days are shining, and sparkling!