La La La La La Let's go out!
La La La La La Let's get started!
La La La La La Shine your smile!
Let's get started, come on, Let's go out!
Good morning! A blinding light shines
As I open the window, everything begins
It's a hectic Monday
While I was worrying about the morning divination, time is up!?
I can't be late!
I want to see everyone soon, let's go out right now! (Let’s go out!)
The challenges continue everyday (everyday)
I wonder what will happen? It's so exciting (so exciting)
We'll definitely be alright (alright)
If we're undecided, just let's go out!
It's an exciting Monday morning! A story full of excitement
Woo, today again, baby, baby (Baby, baby)
I'll draw it with you (with you) with you
Let's break further into the sky high! I want to do whatever I want
Okay, baby, baby? (Baby, baby)
What a wonderful Monday
I'm disappointed with last week's test results
I worry about small mistakes
What a coward I have become...
Because your words shine on me like the sun,
I instantly reset!
Actually, thank you for everything. I'll tell you this first thing in the morning! (I'll tell you!)
Today's lucky persons (what persons?)
"Faithful friends" (Friends!)
Surely this is about all of us!? (Right!)
Strongly, yes, high five!
It's a busy Monday morning! From today we turn a new page
Woo, today again, baby, baby (Baby, baby)
I'll keep our connection with you (With you) with you.
My heart is like a balloon
Let's color our new days
One the count of three, baby, baby (Baby, baby)
We'll launch them into the sky on Monday
That's why, uh na na na na (it's like a dream)
With you, uh na na na na (I want to play)
More, uh na na na na (I want to have fun)
My senses can't stop pulsing!
It's an exciting Monday morning! A story full of excitement
Woo, today again, baby, baby (Baby, baby)
I'll draw it with you (with you) with you.
Let's break further into the sky high! I want to do whatever I want
Okay, baby, baby? (Baby, baby)
What a wonderful Monday
La La La La La Let's go out!
La La La La La Let's get started!
La La La La La Shine your smile!
Let's get started, come on, Let's go out!