I don't know why it doesn't work! And
While I'm saying it, the sun goes down again
The result of trying it in a hurry is disappointing
I believe I'm the one to be destined by fate
Well, whatever!
Nothing will change if you regret it
Why don't you change your clothes and walk around for a while?
Maybe you'll come across something wonderful, something you can't even imagine
What? No, no, no! I'm okay with that!
Say bye-bye to your worries
Just laugh and never give up!
You'll find your strength within you
Even if it's just one step,
Try it with a "I can do!" mentality
The world continues to change on and on
I'm still a little nervous, but
Ready? Go! Ready? Go! Ready? Yes!!
I'm going to become strong!
I can't stop thinking about all the bad things
I can't get rid of it, I'm still the same negative girl
I decided to go on an adventure, but then I made a U-turn right away
I feel so, so, so miserable!
Oh, I see!
Let's watch and learn from other people
Everyone starts out by trying to be something they're not
If you try this and that, you'll get confused again
I can't help it, help it, help it! But, I'll be all right!
Say bye-bye to our weak selves
Continue singing and never give up!
You'll get a hint
Even if it's just for a moment,
Trust me, I can do it!
Maybe I can gradually come to love myself
With a rising tension
Ready? Go! Ready? Go! Ready? No!!
I'm gonna do it!
It's hard to get it off your chest
But you can't hold back, you've got to be bold
I don't want to go on like this anymore, this could be our chance!
Let's fail as much as we can and move on
Bye-bye, yay! Let's give it our all!
I'll grab that star, too
When you wish to change someday,
It would've already started!
Say bye-bye to your worries
Just laugh and never give up!
You'll find your strength within you
Even if it's just one step,
Try it with a "I can do!" mentality
The world continues to change on and on
I'm still a little nervous, but
Ready? Go! Ready? Go! Ready? Yes!!
I'm going to become strong! I'm sure you can, too!!