I hopped on the dancing metronome and before I knew it,
I was completely absorbed
Nailed it. Now, I'm heading out with style and grace
Look up, look up, look up
Love is a living thing, I want to befriend it and play with it
With my whole self. That's what singing is to me
Luca, luca, luca
A light bounce and staccato
With emotion pouring from my heart
I'm going up and down like I'm playing...
I want to sing freely!
I'll spark a chain・chain・chain of miracles
One after another, I swear it, no matter what
I'll make it happen once, twice, three more times
Ah! Right now, I'm having nothing but fun
I'll sing to the sky, in my own way
Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh
I'll do it, I'm gonna do it, I want to sing at that place one more time
I want to sing freely!
It's best to let the heat cool down until you can no longer see anything
If you lose sight of everything, then you've gone too far
I won't, I won't, I won't
It's pretty difficult, though!
I want to sync our breaths and harmonies
Even overlapping down to the rests
I want a song that pushes my skills to the limit but isn't overwhelming
That's the kind of song I want!
I spilled it out in the ve・ve・very end
All that remained was "love". It was always there
And it won't come off of me
I guess that's what they call destiny
Sing. I want to shine this light
My breathing is gaining a faster speed and my mouth is strangely relaxed
Not yet. It's not enough. I'm aiming forward
Look up, look up, for eternity
I want to sing freely!
My motivation is fairly simple:
I love doing what I do
Now I feel like I can even tackle
The most difficult level with a smile!
I'll spark a chain・chain・chain of miracles
One after another, I swear it, no matter what
I'll make it happen once, twice, three more times
Ah! Right now, I'm having nothing but fun
I'll sing to the sky, in my own way
Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh
I'll do it, I'm gonna do it, I want to sing at that place one more time, that's right
I want to give you a song filled with our shining light
That's what I want to give you!