Wherever you are, you'll also find me
Wanting to see the usual view alongside you
To the same place as always (Shall we go?)
The usual scenery  (Yes! that was nice!)
You'll be waiting today there as well? (I'll be waiting!)
The palettes of the wind and the blueness of the sky
Are shining brightly on everything that's happened to us
If you can tell, we just so happen (Well, do you feel good?)
To start being happy again (Yes! We're good!)
That's what means to live our lives the best
Encounters... those surely are something to call a very precious treasure, right?
This big wide world and our myriad of destinies
Are becoming one, they became one so let's go on this journey again!
As long as you don't give up, miracles happen countless times
And you also are well aware that's the way that this story goes
With a spirit that doesn't give up, you can make any dream come true
We got so many words of encouragement from just you alone
Now it's our turn to return the favor
With a newfound courage and with a brand new song!
The voice inside me that makes me think of you
I was always sure that it connected us
And now at that same usual place (Will you wait for me?）
We'll laugh once again (Yes! I'll wait for you!)
Being happy again is sure the best
Our meeting... a coincidence? Unavoidable? A given thing, and a wonderful one at that!
In this kind new world, with an unset new destiny!
Let's have fun, we're having fun. Let's go on this journey again!
As long as you don't abandon, chances will appear countless times
And alongside you all our dreams will never fade away
With a spirit that doesn't give up, every path will open for us
So I want to deliver to you, a melody of endless fervor
Starting now that we are together again
Let's take on a new challenge, let's take on a new adventure!
I want to express to you, these new feelings of mine
That tell a melody of unwavering fervor
La la la song for You!
La la la song for You! You? You!!
Being together is the best, and we want you to join
As long as you don't give up, miracles happen countless times
And you also are well aware that's the way that this story goes
With an spirit that doesn't give up, you can make any dream come true
We got so many words of encouragement from just you alone
Now it's our turn to return the favor
With a newfound courage and with a brand new song!