(What was it that gently brushed passed my fingertips?)
(I've been looking for it forever) Maybe what I longed for
Was you all along
Each time you talk about your dreams, you start sparkling and those shining eyes make me so happy
Every bit of joy that we shared, you always welcomed it, every single time
Why do I want to try so hard? (I don't know)
Is it pointless if it doesn't happen? (No, it's not)
I finally found a moment that's so beautiful
I lose track of time!
The future where we can laugh to the fullest is just around the corner
It's a collage of scattered memories, each piece finding its place in us
I finally realized that you'd been giving me your love all this time
I take your hand, just as you're about to cry
I'm running again! To find that sparkle-sparkle in your eyes once more
(It's all turning pastel)
Even that frustrating day
(See? It's all turning pastel!)
Even the days we missed each other
If I surround them with lots of smiles, then the pain
Starts to feel like a gentle memory
As we swayed, our shoulders gently touched
(I'm right beside you) Just that little moment is enough to make me feel warm inside
Thank you... and I'm sorry. I know that I've made you worry all this time
The pages I tore out and threw away are proof that I challenged myself (they're something I can be proud of)
Let's go further! You don't need any qualifications to be able to pursue your dreams!
(Piece, piece, I'm gluing them all together)
(Piece, piece, the tears and laughter, I'll keep them all)
(Piece, piece, every part is connected)
We're dreaming side by side and can go anywhere we like
How can I explain this happiness in a way that you'll understand?
I was clumsy with my words, but when I told you "I love you",
Your eyes sparkled-sparkled once again
It's a collage of scattered memories, each piece finding its place in us
I finally realized that you'd been giving me your love every single day
I take the hand that was always right beside me
I'm running again! Because tomorrow will shine brightly-brightly all over again
(It's all turning pastel)
These memories dyed with kindness
(See? It's all turning pastel!)
It's okay if I stumble!
I'll just keep surrounding myself with lots of smiles
Let's make a pinky promise
Hey, from here on let's always stay together
We repeat it again when our eyes meet, and together we create another collage