I don't really believe in fortune-telling but
Seeing "AB it's at the bottom today" Ah-
Gets me a little bit down
"Your lucky item it's a piano"
"If you play some Chopin it'll be all right" wait, Ah-?
That's sure some nasty rule
Should we get some practice in during lunch break?
(doremifaso-doremifaso)
No no, surely there can't be time for that!?
(No I don't think so-no I don't think so)
-mean, hey look don't get down just 'cuz you feel alone
Instead take red, blue and yellow and mash them up
And you can create a colorful world for all
With a great scale of all color
Make-up everyday with a rainbow
#thegreatestentertainment
What should I tweet with that?
Going from "good morning!" until "see you tomorrow!"
EVERY WAY! Everything without breaking concentration
No way with the fortune telling, you're making me laugh!
I've finally found my Happy Fragment
If there's a correct way I really don't care
It's not really in any textbook I know of,
But let's better sketch out our dreams
In the corners of my notebooks lives a fantasy
A complete blockbuster on its first, second and third partings!
But its heroine just left her home
You all being wonderful, today and tomorrow are my greatest jewel
The crying nightingale (794) settled in ''Heian-kyo''
Various strawberries (1615) for the ''Buke shohatto'', Ah-
What comes next is hardcore
3.1415926535897...! Ah-
We don't need that much of those, right?
You could start to grade life as if it were a test
(Don't worry so much, don't worry so much)
But the world doesn't rule itself upon right or wrong answers
(I have no answers, I have no answers)
All is mostly spades, diamonds, clubs and hearts but
Sometimes you seem to get a joker-like accident
On those unbalanced days you can still walk together with me!
For me this is a shiny Happy Fragment
"Today I love the most of all days!", I wanna say
If I say that today, tomorrow and the day after that
It would be beautiful don't you think?
If I cram in all that I enjoy the most
It's the ever-so-indecisive heart portrait of a girl
I will share it until it's all blurry and
Laugh with everyone about it!
With a great scale of all color
Make-up everyday with a rainbow
#thegreatestentertainment
What should I tweet with that?
I can't ever get enough of all of those things
ALWAYS! All of this totally in concentration
Not even a minute, Not even a single second can I let go to waste!
I want to make of the time I can meet with you the most important of all
That's why even to you I don't mind if I show my greatest jewel