How are things going, milady?
Are you prepared for the ball?
"I still have yet to make up my mind"
If that's the case, then leave it to me
Please, step before the mirror
Oh my, goodness, guh
She's just too cute, honestly, my lady
You're just a miracle
Obsessed, my god, too cute
She's so precious, we've gotta protect her
Cuteness levels are reaching critical. Alert issued.
Hey, precious LOVE
Your shy side makes you a total cutie
To put it simply, you're the very peak of cuteness
Even your curled bangs and your bed-head are lovely
Now then, shall we choose your dress? Fitting!
This one's perfect. That one's perfect.
Anything you choose is perfect. Hold on... just one minute!
My heart won't last from Monday to Sunday
There's no way! Could this be heaven?
Too precious, I'm in LOVE
Now, let's decide
Whose coordination will receive the no.1 prize?
Yeah, impossible
I mean, she looks good in everything, that's totally cheating
Well then, let's just have a photo shoot right here
"What are the three of you doing!? Aren't you supposed to be preparing for the ball?"
A feeling bigger than the ocean has sprouted
A smile for the filter... mwah?
Hey, overwhelming LOVE
I touched your hand, I'm so sorry
I won't ever wash your touch; it's now a family heirloom
Those soft, plump lips... effortlessly sexy
Let's put on some cosmetics. Make-up!
Pink looks like a winner. Yellow looks like a winner.
Red also looks like a winner. This is still no-good, no-good!
Caught up in my feelings. Prince, feel my jealousy
And again... they're in such a bad mood
Overwhelmed in LOVE
On the day you were born
Both the Earth and the universe fell in love
Our eyes meet, Happy...♪
I waved my hand, Happy...★
Thank you for simply existing. Oh...♡
Hey, precious LOVE
Your shy side makes you a total cutie
To put it simply, you're the very peak of cuteness
Even your curled bangs and your bed-head are lovely
Now then, shall we choose your dress? Fitting!
This one's perfect. That one's perfect.
Anything you choose is perfect. Hold on... just one minute!
My heart won't last from Monday to Sunday
There's no way! Could this be heaven?
Too precious, I'm in LOVE