For this love, for this love, for this love, I wonder, what is its flavor?
At three, the wind chime calls me, a half-read page still waiting
And a secret jewel tucked away in my fridge
Don't tell anyone! Just wink at the sunflowers
And let's dive into the sea of syrup
In the novels, you can talk to animals and even fly through the sky
You can use magic and even become a princess
But that isn't what you want to know the most
Hey, for this love, for this love, for this love, I wonder, what is its flavor?
Tangerines, kiwis, apples... what do you think?
I want to eat something sweet and a little sour that reminds me of summer
A dream that tastes like fruit punch
The soft touch of the rice flour ball lingers on my lips
This really makes me wonder what's going on?
Everyone is enjoying something sweet and a little sour that reminds them of summer
Let me try it out as well
Let me savor it as well
The electric fan is no longer enough to withstand
The high temperatures that are breaking every day
Truly absorbed, completely lost in it - it's love!
Turn the page, and onwards we go!
In the novels, mysteries, incidents, and tricks are all eventually solved
Even my exceptional partner is helping me,
But no one can give me an answer
Hey, for this love, for this love, for this love, I wonder, what is its flavor?
Pineapple, peach, watermelon... what do you think?
I want to eat something sweet and a little sour that reminds me of summer
A dream that tastes like fruit punch
The touch of the rice flour ball lingers on my lips again
Well, this is it - just as I thought... that's how it is, right?
Everyone is enjoying something sweet and a little sour that reminds them of summer
Let me be selfish as well
Let me be spoiled as well
Even if the bittersweet feeling that tightens in your chest
Can be recreated with the taste of tears
I can't even imagine the excitement I've never experienced before
So, just give me a sneak peek please
Hey, so then, so then, so then, I wonder, what is this flavor?
Could it be... something completely different?
A little bit sweaty, I peered into the glass
Even the cherries inside wore troubled faces
Even the crystal-clear jelly, that seems to carry no taste at all
If there is a meaning, then there is definitely something!
A little bit sweaty, I poked at the glass
Let me have just a little more
Let me have a taste of happiness