Turuturu tututururu duwa turuturu tututururu duwa
Put a little pink blush on your cheeks, you've gotta look good for the cameras
Look up just a little, put on an embarrassed face and... Snap! How cute♪
Because I want to sparkle (and shine) I've done a lot of studying (and research!) Cause that's just what girls do (what all girls do)
It's frustrating, I know, but do you think I could take a peek into your makeup case?
Holding the Make-up session Hey, won't you teach me those secret ABCs? The very art of being cute
It's like you've cast a spell on the mirror; I'm sure people will be smitten!
Holding the Make-up session Hey, won't you teach me those secret ABCs? The very art of being cute (How to makeup)
The change I'm seeing happen on this screen, I can't take my eyes off of it (We're changing!) Let me show you too!
(Shabadubi dabada duwaduwa)
Put some natural-colored rouge on your lips, it looks really great on you
In a carefree fashion, strike a relaxed pose and... Snap! Isn't that cute!
Because I want my heart to pound (and race) more and more! I've set out on a quest (to pursue it) because that's just what idols do (isn't it?)
How do I look? I want to match (with you)
Holding the Make-up meeting Hey, can we have a charming little chat about those secret ABCs? Things we could only talk about here
Who's the most good-looking person here? It must surely be me!
Holding the Make-up meeting Hey, can we have a charming little chat about those secret ABCs? Things we could only talk about here (How to makeup)
Seeing the people smiling on this screen fills me with excitement (We're smiling!) Let me show you too!
Dabada dadadabada dabadadabada dabadadabada Makeup session!
Dabada dadadabada dabadadabada dabadadabada let's become cuter☆
I've got to make my hair all fluffy (and soft), but I'll admit it's a bit (just a little) tough (even for me)
But I have to be cute! (such is) my destiny as a maiden
Holding the Make-up session Hey, won't you teach me those secret ABCs? The very art of being cute
It's like you've cast a spell on the mirror; I'm sure people will be smitten!
Holding the Make-up session Hey, won't you teach me those secret ABCs? The very art of being cute (How to makeup)
The change I'm seeing happen on this screen, I can't take my eyes off of it (We're changing!) Let me show you too!
(Shabadubi dabada duwaduwa)
Surely I'm the cutest one here!!!!