Thinking about you... all day, all night...
Thinking about you... Love Triangle...
For me, and you, and her, in this situation
Is there no peaceful resolution?
It's not my intention to hurt anyone
But I don't intend to be hurt myself
You are so wonderful
That girl is so charming (Indeed really charming)
You two would be so perfect
So much it makes me lose hope...
If there's one thing I could say
In terms of my feelings for you
No one can hope to ever beat me, not even her
I believe that one day these feelings will be met
Oh! Love Triangle, three stars shine brightly in the night sky
Love Triangle, secretly wishing, I draw with my finger
Trapping inside in a heart shape two of them
My feelings... Please let them be heard...
Love Triangle, I want to become the girl of your dreams
Love Triangle, I want you to somehow look my way
You seem to be so close, yet I feel you so far
We're quite the Winter Triangle
Thinking about you... all day, all night...
Thinking about you... Love Triangle...
I wonder what kind of clothes would you like me to wear?
Should I focus in changing my hairstyle a bit?
In front of a mirror, ah this won't do, this won't either
A never ending loop
I feel you're really kind
That girl is very kind too (She is awfully kind)
Are you so kind with everyone?
It makes me really start to worry
It caught my attention, a Love Fortune
"Keep in mind you have a rival"
Please don't play games like this with me I beg you Cupid
I want to believe that I still have a chance
Oh! Love Triangle, if you really think you love that girl so much
Love Triangle, would I be able to support you?
Thinking of this image of not having you, countless times
My chest... it starts to hurt...
Love Triangle, "If she were just only to be a crush for you"
Love Triangle, I sigh to myself, closing my eyes
Tender but painful bittersweet tears start to fall down, and I know why
The reason is this Winter Triangle
Please I want you to tell me how my love plays out for them,　Stars
Love Triangle, three stars shine brightly in the night sky
Love Triangle, secretly wishing, I draw with my finger
Trapping inside in a heart shape two of them
Make a wish upon a star
Love Triangle, I want to become the girl of your dreams
Love Triangle, I want you to somehow look my way
You seem to be so close, yet I feel you so far
We're quite the Winter Triangle
Thinking about you... all day, all night...
Thinking about you... Love Triangle...