I knew it was there somewhere.
As long as you don't give up, there is definitely a door to the future.
Though it's not easy to find, no matter how hard it is,
If you don't reach out your hand ahead,
You can't run into it, so let's go!!
Having touched my wavering heart, I remembered
That the passion of my dream remains the same. Oh, it's so passionate.
Having accepted all my doubts and worries, I will not let them go to waste.
If we just laugh it off and say it's an important experience,
I'm sure we'll all be fine, so we can try now!!
I want to create the future, a new time, get in motion.
Does everyone hear this?
Look, look here, right here!
I want to continue to spend new time with everyone,
Because it's fun,
Because it's fun.
We will all become linked telepathically.
We will become linked, so let's go forward decisively.
Now, no matter how far we are, let's become linked!
The voice of hope will never fade, because we will always sing.
Let's always sing, let's sing
Always.
It's amazing, the future exceeds all expectations.
We will make a very happy end come true.
When your power and our desires overlap,
I wonder what will come of this?
This is the future, the future of all of us, who are now working hard with a smile on our faces,
Starts from here, so I'm really glad
That we were able to meet, thank you for that!
Link to the FUTURE, ah, to the future.
Link to the FUTURE, ah, to the future.
Hi, the today is linked to the tomorrow.
Hi, today you're waiting again
For your feelings to fly as far as they can, jump up!
It's when you're serious, if you dance freely,
Your dream will develop and change. Everything will change except its passion. Ah, it's so amazing.
I want to challenge everything, new places are born
Because of chaos? Or because of excitement!
We will all become linked by our passion and enthusiasm.
We will become linked, so let's give ourselves completely to our dreams.
Now, no matter how far we are, let's become linked!
I want to hear your voice, so always sing with us.
Let's always sing, let's sing
Always.
Let the future become even more interesting.
In life everything is constantly changing upside down.
If in your world our passion begins to go off scale,
What will come of this? Waa! Waa!! Waa!!!
Can anything still happen in the future?
Let's try to draw a future beyond uncertainty,
In which the dream of each of us will break out.
Even with what I cannot do alone
I realized that I can cope,
If I'm together with everyone.
That's it... it couldn't be better...!
I can work hard alone, but I can work even harder with everyone else.
Then, after all it's better to be together with everyone, I want to be together with everyone.
It's amazing, the future exceeds all expectations.
We will make a very happy end come true.
Your power and our desires overlap and spread.
Let the future become even more interesting.
In life everything is constantly changing upside down.
If in your world our passion begins to go off scale,
What will come of this? Waa! Waa!! Waa!!!
This is the future, now I'm working hard with a smile on my face and all of you are too.
I'm glad that we were able to meet, thank you for that.
I'm really glad.
Let's always sing together.
Let's see more of an unexpected future.