Where are you right now?
Where are you listening to us from, I wonder.
It doesn't matter how far away you are right now,
I definitely want these feelings to reach you.
May they fly! (May they fly!)
To the ends of the earth.
I want to meet you, but the fact that we can't
Is so frustrating and boring.
But we'll connect, we'll still connect
Our hope flows from our words into our songs.
May they fly! (With a whoosh!)
May they fly to you!
I won't let you be alone,
Because I'm always here with you.
I want to have fun with you forever,
You're not alone, you're not alone.
I'll tickle your heart, and then we can all laugh together.
We'll party the night away!
Pleasant dreams might once again be born from this place.
I want to stay up all night, talking with you, that'd be so exciting.
We can't stop talking, we can't stop; do you wanna chat a bit more? Yeah!
While the moon and the stars shine down on us,
We'll play.
We'll be together forever (I won't let you)
We'll be together forever (be alone)
I want to have fun with you, together!
When did this all start?
When did you find out about us,
Why'd you start listening to us, I want to know stuff like that.
We'll take that all in, and it'll energize us.
May our feelings fly! (May they fly!)
I want to share this happiness with you.
I want to see you, I miss you,
I'm lonely, it's like I'm about to cry.
That's why we're linked, we'll be connected.
If you look up and start singing, your voice is free, yeah?
May this voice fly! (With a whoosh!)
May this voice fly to you!
On nights where you think that you're alone,
Try softly calling out to us,
And we'll gently embrace you with these voices.
You're not alone, you're not alone
Our wishes are the same after all, we want to see you, we want to see everyone.
Let's party all night!
There's a new, shining dream waiting for us beyond what lies ahead,
My senses are clamoring, filling my body with a thrill.
We can't stop talking, we can't stop; do you wanna chat a bit more? Yeah!
Why does this feel different than before?
It's new, but it seems interesting, this feeling of wanting to take on new challenges.
The world is changing, and we're changing along with it.
You're not alone, you're not alone,
I'll tickle your heart, and then we can all laugh together.
We'll party the night away, all night long!
You're alone? No you're not! You're alone? No you're not!
Pleasant dreams might once again be born from this place.
I want to stay up all night, talking with you, that'd be so exciting.
We can't stop talking, we can't stop; do you wanna chat a bit more? Yeah!
While the moon and the stars shine down on us,
We'll play.
We'll be together forever (I won't let you)
We'll be together forever (be alone)
I want to have fun with you, together!