FANTASTiC
Is definitely about me.
I'm the one who suits you best
FANTASTiC
Is definitely about me.
Doesn't that make you nervous?
I worked so hard
To be chosen
I want to hear from you faster:
"You are FANTASTiC!"
I point my finger at myself,
Starting from the top of my head,
And make sure that while I smile brightly,
Everything is OK! I'm FANTASTiC
It's not just looks that's important, it's not just looks that's important
But it's also the heart, so look into my heart
Although I'm ideal for you, although I'm ideal for you
But, if you miss me, you will regret it later
Won't you?
Honestly I'm FANTASTiC for you FANTASTiC
I'm the only, only one, only, only one
Notice that I'm FANTASTiC give me FANTASTiC
It always remains lonely, lonely love, lonely, lonely love
Why's that?
Don't pretend to be strong, don't pretend to be strong
Maybe I could become one, become one someday
Pretending to be strong, pretending to be strong to the limit!
Will I be able to become one? Will I be able to become one? When?
When I can't sleep tonight
(oh oh oh oh)
I will continue to be pretty
(oh oh oh oh)
No matter what anyone says
(oh oh oh oh)
I like what I like
(Can't help it!)
My heart beats faster for you
It can't stop
Even now my heart is beating faster
You're so evil, you make me feel bitter
And also give me such a sweet taste
Your face in flashback is too tender
I want you to hold me tight, I hope it happens somehow
Honestly I'm FANTASTiC for you FANTASTiC
I'm the only, only one, only, only one
Notice that I'm FANTASTiC Give me FANTASTiC
It always remains lonely, lonely love, lonely, lonely love
It's a secret, FANTASTiC kiss you FANTASTiC
You're my only, only one, only, only one
Notice that I'm FANTASTiC give me FANTASTiC
I'm living this lonely, lonely love, lonely, lonely love
I won't lose!
Don't pretend to be strong, don't pretend to be strong
Maybe I could become one, become one someday
Pretending to be strong, pretending to be strong is super!
Will I be able to become one? Will I be able to become one? Look at me!