At night, when a blurry light
Falls in the creaking swings,
Along with the nostalgic smell of gunpowder
Our shadows tremble
"I'm lost" — because you shyly said it,
"It's hard" — I said in response with a share of jokes
But in fact when I'm with you, I'm also lost
The goal is still far away, then rising, then falling,
We hang back and forth in the deep sea unknown to us
My stretched shadow projected
A sentimental feeling that I can't express properly and I lowered my head, because it had no way out
Where are we going, what are we waiting for
In the middle of the night, when the air envelops us?
(With you stretching out my arms)
I play with shadows, what should we imitate?
(We can create anything)
It's all up to you, yeah, it's all up to me.
Let's go home soon, and so today ends
Nothing will change except the date on the calendar
You quietly nodded your head
And drew a cross in the sand
I'm drunk with melancholy, I'm now at that age
If it's easy to fix, just by saying, I'll say it
But I don't understand this feeling anymore
This scorching feeling that gently attacks me,
No matter how much I try to shake it off, it just boils incessantly in me
One single step is missing before the full moon
I looked at the moon as if it's the current us
The thing is I don't care
If it groves tomorrow or if it wanes
(Grab it with your hands)
Let's play with shadows, draw a fish
(I wish it could swim now)
I can't stand being alone, so play with me some more
How much longer do we have before we become adults?
When we realize this, will anything change?
Let all doubts be dispelled
Not yet...
Not yet...
My slightly more
Stretched shadow projected
A sentimental feeling that I can't express properly and I lowered my head, because it had no way out
Where are we going, what are we waiting for
In the middle of the night, when the air envelops us?
Hey, in the park with no one left
We're just quietly walking towards tomorrow
We still can't go home
Let's talk here, let's cry here
I want to be by your side until the lights go out
(With you stretching out my arms)
I play with shadows, what should we imitate?
(We can create anything)
It's all up to you, yeah, it's all up to me.
Not yet...
Not yet...