Sta... Ha...
Sta... Ha...
I wan... sta... wi... m...
I wan... sta... wi... m...
If I could say "see you later" with a smile
Will it make things a little easier??
But the truth is there's only
One feeling that's ever been real to me
Behind the code I built in a frenzy of total absorption
There's a lost true heart that feels like it's about to spill out (ah...)
"I wish I could erase the pain
And feelings in my heart..." (Ugh...)
It's like the sound of endless rain (haa...)
My heart keeps echoing with the words: "I miss you" (I miss you...)
If I were to tell you what I'm thinking right now
Would it just end up troubling you...?
I love you so much...! You're so precious to me...!
I can't hide these feelings anymore
Let's stay like this forever, and keep weaving the miracle that brought us together
It's okay to be forceful! It's okay to be selfish!
They're just like treasures - our days
I want you to walk the rest of them with me
"I want to you stay here with me."
Stay with me...!
Stay with me...!!
If we turn away from each other like this
Will all of this eventually fade into a memory??
Suddenly, the feelings I locked away
Had turned into tears and flowed away (in a stream ugh...)
"I don't want a future without you..." (Haa...)
My heart has concluded that "I need you" (I need you...)
If I could put these feelings into words and tell you right now
I know that it'd be selfish of me, but still...
I love you so much...! You're so precious to me...!
These feelings are overflowing, I can't hold them back anymore
From now on, we'll stay together as the seasons keep on changing
I want to be with you, I want to stay right beside you
They're just like treasures - our trails
Let's keep drawing the rest of this story together
I wish I could be with you
Every smile, every tear, each one has become a precious memory
They're shining within my heart, giving me courage whenever I need it
I love you. You're precious to me.
The more I think of you, the warmer I feel
Let's stay like this forever,
And keep weaving the miracle that brought us together
It's okay to be forceful! It's okay to be selfish!
They're just like treasures - our days
I want you to walk the rest of them with me
"I want to you stay here with me."
Stay with me...!
Stay with me...!!