Love the little devil! Love me! I will seduce you
If only I could take you only for myself!
Pa-pa-pa-ra pa-ra-pa pa-ra
Pa-pa-pa-ra pa-ra-pa pa-ra
Pa-pa-pa-ra pa-ra-pa pa-ra
Pa-pa-pa-ra, let your heart flutter!
What kind of girls do you like? Those with whom you feel comfortable? Or strong girls?
Your heart changes every day, oh my!
I want to be the way you like. Notice my pure love.
You have to take responsibility now, okay...?
But simply falling in love with you is prohibited!
I constantly change my methods.
Hey, hey, are you looking at me?
I can be both a tsundere and a yandere
I'll become the type you like
Love the little devil! Love me! I'll certainly make your heart tremble with feelings
I won't forgive you if you look at anyone else!
So love me! Love me! I will seduce you
If only I could take you only for myself!
On the count of one, two, three your heart will flutter
Calling me cunning is praise for me. Look, everyone on the street froze in place♡
Their legs gave way from admiration
I'll take this opportunity to get all their hearts! I'll get them right now!
The fact that you're kind to everyone is also your good side...
I know this, but something is wrong! It infuriates me!
Your heart is beating faster, this is your punishment for your insensitivity
Right, tell me this, while looking me straight in the eye, okay? The cutest in the world is me!
It's all your fault
Listen, listen, you understand this, right?
To be a weak and clumsy girl, leave it to me
It's time for me to show my skills
Love the little devil! Love me! I'll make you a little nervous
I don't want to lose to my rivals!
So love me! Love me! Show me how it will happen
I'm the only one who will be the winner, okay!
On the count of one, two, three I change my character
I also checked the harmony of my clothes. Hey, if you don't notice me, I'll be sad!
On the count of three, two, one I will charm you
This love is definitely destiny! Undoubtedly fate!
The reason I try so hard, the reason I play roles
Is all for you
Love, love, my too sincere love,
Please accept it
Love the little devil! Love me! I'll certainly make your heart tremble with feelings
I won't forgive you if you look at anyone else!
So love me! Love me! I will seduce you
If only I could take you only for myself!
On the count of one, two, three your heart will flutter
Calling me cunning is praise for me. Look, everyone on the street froze in place
Their legs gave way from admiration
I'll take this opportunity to get all their hearts! I'll get them right now!