The secret dream I wrote down in my notebook,
I've finally come to realize that it will never come true
As I close my eyes, a sudden tear slipped and fell,
Aching to see the rest of the dream, but...
Everyone wanders, everyone struggles - that's just the way of life
I've embraced it all, faced forward, and kept running through the present
I wanted to tell you that
I still want to be with you;
Those feelings left unsaid
Threw my heart into chaos until it became a scream
We laughed and said,
"No one could ever replace you"
Our voices lingering like echoes
Those moments colored the seasons and I was truly happy
The truth is (even now) I'm still just as weak as I was then
Please, let this moment with you, never end...
I wonder if by the time this peaceful dream chooses to fade away once more
Will the morning light stream in from beyond the window?
I picked up the words that floated and vanished, trying to hold onto something real
I didn't want to hide it, didn't want to cloud it, I just wanted to convey it all
I just wanted to vow to be with you
For years to come,
Through any struggles
I thought I wasn't afraid, that I could overcome it
Time doesn't stop
And the world keeps turning,
Leaving behind the love I once believed in
Will it be devoured by history's shadow - forgotten by time?
Illusions, (regrets) and my selfish desires
Through a dream, I'll send my message, please, reach...
Don't go... please, just hold onto my hand a little bit longer
Even if I scream with everything I have,
It'll probably never reach anyone
Another day, another promise...
It's fine, it doesn't matter to me,
Whatever feelings may be left
Had me question my worth,
So I just waved and let you go
I embraced that hazy feeling
Left after waking from a dream
And took a deep breath
Every time I flip through my memories, my wishes...
"I guess we're the same after all"
I wanted to tell you that
I still want to be with you;
Those feelings left unsaid
Endlessly threw my heart into chaos...
We laughed and said,
"No one could ever replace you"
Our voices lingering like echoes
Those moments colored the seasons and I was truly happy
The truth is (even now) I'm still just as weak as I was then
Please, let this moment with you, never end...