Let's walk forward with
Our dreams in our right hands
And holding everyone close
In our left; let's go
Ba bump-ba bump, it seems that morning has come
The sound of my heart is my alarm clock
Let's try, let's try to arrange things neatly
There are new tasks every day, and it makes me happy...!
In my heart, colorful hot air balloons float by
High-fiving on the breeze of the southern wind
Step by step, I move forward, sneaking little
Bites of a sweet red bean bun every now and then
It's like a dream, I want to laugh, so let's sing
And walk along at our own tempo
The weather is perfect! Alright, let's go!
There are some days where the sun plays hide-and-seek behind the clouds
No big deal! It's all good!
My heart is always sunny,
It's the perfect day for a walk
Snip-snap, snip-snap, I separated
The fun feelings from the hazy, gloomy ones
Neither of them are half-hearted
So let's immerse ourselves in the music and cheer ourselves up
This excitement is just like the universe!
It's so vast and wide, it's infinite!
Step by step, I'm being guided by my notebook of feelings
But, I've still got a long way to go
It's like a lie, if you sing about how interesting it is
Then any path can become colorful
Don't worry about being clumsy, just keep on walking
I wonder where this energy comes from!
If we continue on this path, something amazing might happen
Like, maybe, warping to an unknown planet!?
Even so, I'll still keep on walking
Step by step, at my own tempo
What about you? What will you do? There's no need to worry
Because, we'll walk together, side by side, where we go! Rat-a-tat♪
It's like a dream, I want to laugh, so let's sing
As we cross the bridge to the future
The weather is perfect! Alright, let's go!
There are some days where our courage plays hide-and-seek in the shadows
No big deal! It's all good!
My heart is always sunny
We'll keep walking where it's sunny
It's the perfect day for a walk
Let's walk forward with
Our dreams in our right hands
And holding everyone close
In our left