Break down!!
I'll stand back up, over and over again.
Spreading far and wide, to the beyond… A pun on Kanata's name.
Cut through the wind,Usually, this phrase would be written as 風を切る, meaning to run fast (against the wind), but the lyricist used the kanji 斬る instead, which generally means to kill a person with a blade. o silent blaze.
In the palms of these tiny hands, lies a wish that is about to spill over,
No one will be able to pluck the flowers blooming in my heart.A metaphor, meaning something along the lines of not letting others influence you.
The worries I've had time and time again, I'll leave them all in the dust,
Because I've finally found this true light.
Running away was easy,
But now, I'm left here on the verge of tears, with these haunting regrets.
Break down!!
I'll stand back up, over and over again,
This once-hidden potential will extend to the beyond.
It's fate, you say?
That smile contains an indomitable spirit.
Come, shall we push on?
Cut through the wind, o silent blaze.
The sky in that gap between yin and yangYin and yang is a Chinese philosophical concept of two complementary forces (shade/light, or negative/positive). In this case it could mean the metaphorical gray area of life. is being dyed violet,
As the emotions I cycle through change the scenery.
I've learned that everything has a meaning,
Even something like a nightmare.
I'm covered in wounds, but that night of despair
Made me who I am now.
Break out!!
I'll raise my challengelit. formal written challenge. to tomorrow (the future)The written kanji means future but is read as tomorrow. In these cases, the written kanji is what the intended meaning actually is.  up high!
Shout your bursting feelings to the beyond,
Even if you can't see, surrounded by enemies on all sides,
That smile will act as a guide.
Hold fast to that unshakable fighting spirit, o silent blaze!
This world shifts and changes erratically,
This tale can be rewritten.
I'll go past the passion that's lighting a flame in my chest.
Break up..
Everything's okay now, I bid farewell to you (my past self)The written kanji means past but is read as you.
I now believe in myself.
Break down!!
I'll stand back up, over and over again,
This once-hidden potential will extend to the beyond.
It's fate, you say?
That smile contains an indomitable spirit.
Come, with this drive,
Shall we push on?
What sides of myself will I be able to meet?
The answer to that lies waiting ahead of these challenges.
Run, I'll believe in my way,
Cut through the wind, o silent blaze.