My gaze is fixed on the next stage (and beyond)
Look, now or never, our footprints have broken into a run
Show your firm determination to move into the future
So breakthrough
To be continued until the very end!
Swirling passionately around me, passionate
Carving me into this moment that doesn't allow me to turn back
The curtain rises, ah, my heart beats loudly
And so, I awaken
I continue to develop day by day
My destination is only temporary
Believe my way
The run-up I started that day is still continuing
The colors of tomorrow are chaotically reflected
Blurring and dazzling from a distance, reach out to it!
Get set, "LADY", there's no time to hesitate
Shout out beyond the present!
Over the limit!
Overcome the impossible without hesitation (and beyond)
Just chasing the future is not enough
We don't stop, run to unexplored heights
Make yourself sound strong, so strong
I want to shine in this moment (and more)
Look, now or never, the colors are gaining strength
I'll show you a miracle that won't awaken, won't fade away - breakthrough
Let's go to the "continuation of our dreams"!
The air is mixed with noise
To keep my unquenchable passion from decaying
I don't want to be afraid of the unknown
Just because I suddenly break out in a sweat
My heart is beating wildly, distortion
Turn your bravado into a painkiller
Believe again
How long will you avoid sentimentality?
My voice is shaking
My expression is illuminated
The spotlight is getting more intense
The beat is changing
The world will never stop
So just keep on running!
The memories of the past are spiraling
Was the mirage too bright? I don't care!
Get set, "LADY", there's no need to postpone it
It's time to bloom in all our glory here and now
Until it overflows
We'll go to the top!
My gaze is fixed beyond the impossible (and beyond)
Just chasing the future is not enough
We don't stop, run to unexplored heights
Make yourself sound strong, so strong
I want to shine in this moment (and more)
Look, now or never, the colors are gaining strength
I'll wrap myself in a moment that won't awaken, won't fade away - breakthrough
Get ready to plunge into the "continuation of our dreams"!