Give me a chocolate
Cuz I wanna fascinate
Oh yeah
Just this once (Hey girls)
How about we take a detour?
Let's keep going (Hey girls)
How about we break our curfew? (Yeah yeah yeah yeah)
Sure, I play the perfect honor student, so what-so what
Because honestly, it's just way more convenient that way
Forgive me, teacher, but I've reached that age
A little rebellion is expected!
I put on the scented lip gloss that smells
Just like the one that adorable girl uses
I love you - never heard of it
I need you so I can know
Let me have just one bite
It's a secret, 'kay? Chu! Chocolate
A sweet and bitter kiss born from a single moment on a whim
Falling in love, falling in love, falling in love
Look at it! Chu! Chocolate
It holds the real me, and I'm giving it to you
To be loved, to be lovd, to be loved is all I want
What was that? Another time? No! No! No! Today
I regretted it - but by then, it was all too late
I kept with my purity until my youth's ending
Fair and square, loud and proud - say it: "more chocolate!"
Sure, they may call me a realist, so what-so what
'Cause once the school bell rings, I'm the girl who loves to dream
Forgive me, teacher, but I'll handle
The rest of life myself, thanks
There's more to life than those ABCs
Written in red ink or pages of homework
I miss you - Never heard of it
I want you so I can know
Let me have just one bite
Please tell me! Chu! Chocolate
What does love taste like? Because that melting smile might just be it
Falling in love, falling in love, falling in love
Please help me! Chu! Chocolate
I'm not a little girl anymore, so don't treat me like I'm a child
To be loved, to be lovd, to be loved is all I want
"Don't worry about me"... is what I said, but deep down, I wished you would
I try to play it cool, but the truth is I care - it drives me crazy
Even if I pretend not to care,
On the inside, I'm insecure about everything
I mean, of course I want to be cute,
After all, I'm a girl
Oh my god!!!
It's a secret, 'kay? Chu! Chocolate
A sweet and bitter kiss born from a single moment on a whim
Falling in love, falling in love, falling in love
Look at it! Chu! Chocolate
It holds the real me, and I'm giving it to you
To be loved, to be lovd, Chu! I said it
Hey, just look this way for a second
To be loved, to be lovd, to be loved is all I want