Listen, to this feeling right now
Let me think, let me think, it’s unexplainable
From when we met, to where we are right now
It was short in a long kind of way
The lights we saw together were like a galactic sea (right?)
My heart started beating (Fantastic Moment)
A wish that wishes to be granted [invites] stories, the time to grant it is here
Everyone’s voices gave us wing so… we could fly… we could fly!
It all started from a reckless dream
Everything tied together miraculously
I wonder what will happen
The excitement made every day an adventure every time
From this moment forth I’ll be in your favor even more
Because there is no way we can be separated
It’s not all just memories
We know a new dream will come to life
If we feel like we miss each other
Let’s see, let’s see, let’s sing together!
Even if we’re far apart it doesn’t matter
In the depths of our hearts, we understand each other
No matter how much I say thank you to you, it’s not enough (right?)
It was a wonderful experience (Wonderful moment)
The feelings I want to express (open up) the next doors, where should we go next
With everyone’s voice we can fly forever, with all our energy, with all our energy
We can fly again!
We lock up the moment into this ring
I want to always gaze at it, I wonder which finger is best for this
It’s beautiful, isn’t it…!
Never forget about this sparkling daily life
The map to tomorrow
Shines a bright white and draws the future
It’s not all just memories
We know our endless youth is here
Because I love your smile (Let’s smile!)
Its fine as just an endless dream right? (Of course!)
You and I are on the way to the same dream, it’s fine, it’s fine, no matter what, it’s our youth!
We lock up the moment into this ring
A flash of light in the finger we want to always gaze at
It all started from a reckless dream
Everything tied together miraculously
I wonder what will happen
The excitement made every day an adventure every time
From this moment forth I’ll be in your favour even more
Because there is no way we can be separated
It’s not all just memories
We know a new dream will come to life