Let's play this dream, rainbow world!
(Colorful World! Colorful!
Colorful Dream! Colorful! Yeah!)
We ran out during the days of the rainbow-colored season
The light that pours in as I wake from this dream is so bright
Do you feel this unending heartbeat towards the future right now?
(...I feel the same as you...!!)
I can hear the excitement in your chest, let's use that as the signal to start
Even if the clouds float by and the passing showers wet my cheeks
The clear, blue sky will stretch across again
Let's sing, let's sing (Together!)
When our hearts connect, let's go!
Together, now (Here we go, ready and!)
You go, I go! We go!
Dream on!!
Our dreams resonate together in this melody!
It stretches on forever
Fly! High!
Let's head towards the never-ending sky (Everybody! Draw! Dream!)
Any new beginning where we're together
Will bloom into a smile! Right now, high
Sky! High!
Freely, yes, brighten your colors
This trajectory we run along as we smile shines so bright
Never-ending new stories (We all together!)
Let's continue creating them together
We feel the hope that overflows in the wind
(We feel the same as you!!)
A new meeting gave us a new future.
Even if I'm lost in the search for answers,
Let's draw the scenery we want again and again
Let's sing, let's sing (Together!)
When our lights overlap, let's go!
From now on (Here we go, ready and!)
We got this! Here we go!!
Play on!!
Dreams and encounters bounce around in this melody!
Let's sing a song in all colors of the rainbow
Glide! High!
In the never-ending sky (Everybody! Draw! Dream!)
Any memory where we're together
Will leave a trail of light
Sky! High!
It's fun, yes, brighten our colors
This trajectory pours our dreams down on you as we arrive
Let's welcome our new beginning (We all together!)
Let's go together!
(Go on!) There's a more interesting world than the one I drew that day
(Go on!!) I can make it happen with everyone
Believing!!
After crying, faith will start to bloom
I want to send this blooming phrase to you
Bright Smiles
Let's light up our dreams with a smile...for tomorrow!
Dream on!!
Our dreams resonate together in this melody!
It stretches on forever
Fly! High!
Let's head towards the never-ending sky (Everybody! Draw! Dream!)
Any new beginning where we're together
Will bloom into a smile! Right now, high
Sky! High!
Freely, yes, brighten your colors!
This trajectory we run along as we smile shines so bright
Let's make the dream-colored future together
Never-ending new stories (We all together!)
Let's continue creating them together
La la la...Yeah!!