Knocking and kicking
Open the door
We’re well equipped and well prepared! Yes, it's perfect, I have no complaints!
Let's go on an adventure and level up quickly
I was a hero in a past life, though I have no memory of it after rebirth
But I feel it, I feel it! Yeah, this life is hard, an impossible game
My lipstick has been removed, the damage is ten points
I splattered the sauce, the damage is a hundred points
The consecutive holidays have ended, the damage is a thousand points
Dragons are far less challenging (Everyday)
My goal is peace, the dreams I have are gargantuan
If you want to laugh, then laugh, but I'm a first-class environmentalist, so, let the grass grow
Over there, over here, and everywhere, there are monsters
I hate it, hate it, hate it, hate it!!!
Knock, knock, knock, knock, east and west
Knock, knock, knock, knock, east and west
Knock, knock, knock, knock, it's a labyrinth
With the map upside down, ah, we go, and return, hello
So, we meet once again (don't run away!  Stand and fight!)
Let's knock down that door we have no key for and let's go
Every-when! All eras and countries (Everyday)
If I could have a job change, I'd prefer to be a sorceress (But why though?)
Because every time, I risk my life to protect my bangs
(I ate ice cream and recovered a hundred points!) Because...
(I took a good photo and recovered a thousand points!)
No matter how strong the wind, I'm able to nullify it with a (barrier!)
Knock, knock, knock, knock, east and west!
Knock, knock, knock, knock, east and west!
Knock, knock, knock, knock, we'll surely do it!
With a charming gratification, ah, hop, step, jump
No, don't go through (don't run away! Let's stand and fight!)
I'm begging... (don't be afraid! Let's stand and fight!)
When I write "serious", I'm serious!  Just watch
Every-when! All eras and countries (Everyday)
Hey, hey, is next up, hey, hey, is next up
Hey, hey, the final boss? (A piece of cake♪)
That's totally wrong, that's totally wrong!
That wasn't the last!!!
For now, let's take a break, for now, let's save
We can't reset our lives
Knock, knock, knock, knock, east and west
Knock, knock, knock, knock, east and west
Knock, knock, knock, knock, it's a labyrinth
With the map upside down, ah, we go, and return, hello
So, we meet once again (don't run away! Not 'til we've won!)
Isn't there danger? (Don't be afraid! Just win!)
Let's knock down that door we have no key for and let's go
Every-when! All eras and countries (Everyday)
First things first, let's head for our goal
Come on, knock, knock, knock, knock
GO GO GO let's GO!!