Life is the best game
It's beautiful, yeeeeeeeah
Mira-Cra, Mira-creation
(Show it, show your charm, throw yourself into high tension)
Turn the future around
The virtual world and reality aren't easy
(Even if you hold back, that girl will surely laugh)
Every day I struggle against my weak self
(Even if I endure, I won't be a match for her, my remaining lives will be depleted)
There are moments in life when you have to make a decision
Even if you have to confront yourself
(At first it's rock, paper, scissors, one more time!)
I won't give up!!
I'll become stronger and stronger!!
Burning with passion, let's create miracles
Let's keep having fun on this same stage full of games
Let's knock down the foundations of accumulated logic together
What can we do? (What do we want to do?)
If we can do anything now
Let's start a revolution, a big baaaaaang!
Mira-Cra, Mira-creation
(Show your charm, show us sensational images)
Surprise them all
Today as always, we're immersed in a First Person Shooter game
There's no same place, nowhere
If you don't get a strong weapon, you won't survive
Even if the conditions are the same, things don't always go well
I want to take your hand instead of pulling your foot
Because there are landscapes I want to see with you
(At first it's rock, paper, scissors, and then look there!)
There it is......!!
Let's create miracles that surpass the number of questions
If we eat from the same bowl, let's play together afterwards
Because in cooperative play, 1+1 can become 100
Even if we're enemies or allies (it doesn't matter)
Let's call ourselves companions from now on
Our encounter deserves to be a UR card
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Is it true that you'll hit if you shoot multiple times?
Let's aim properly and align the sights
Bang! Bang! Bang! Look over there too
Bang! Bang! Welcome to the swamp
Everyone has their own way of having fun
But I don't want my youth to end up as a solo game
There are several endings, you know?
At the branching point where I saw you
Should I go right? Left? Or just keep going straight~?
Eh~~~!!!??
Oh no! It makes no sense!!!!
Burning with passion, let's create miracles
Let's keep having fun on this same stage full of games
Let's knock down the foundations of accumulated logic together
If it's about breaking the rules (I'm good at that)
Leave it to me (something new)
What can we do? (What do we want to do?)
If we can do anything now
Let's start a revolution, a big baaaaaang!
Mira-Cra, Mira-creation
(Show it, show your charm, throw yourself into high tension)
Turn the future around, bang!