I feel that we have a chance
Yes... let's push forward!
I don't want to regret it later, our future lies right ahead
Let's go! Do! I do! I live!
Yes, Do! I do! I live!
Let's go, Let's go! Hi!!
Look ahead, look up, don't wait for anything
Let's go now, let's go quickly, we can go anywhere
The sun's shining and beckoning the future
Now come, you come too, forge ahead to tomorrow
My passionate heart (Was overflowing with emotions)
I embraced it and ran (It was painful)
Everyone, come with me (I want to move my body more)
And make sure I know what I'm capable of
Let's go! It's still the same world
Do! I do! I live! (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let's go, as long as there's a chance
I won't give up (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let's go! With a natural smile
Do! I do! I live! (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let’s go! I'm starting to see potential
We can shine when we're cheerful, there's a place for us
Let's go! Do! I do! I live!
Yes, Do! I do! I live!
Let's go, Let's go!
Look to the sky, look together, if we catch a miracle
Let's fly right away, let's fly to our dreams, I wonder if it'll be fine if we sing
Pure feelings of excitement, point to the future
Come, let's fly, you fly too, forge ahead to tomorrow
Strong feelings (Because they were born)
I've made up my mind and I'll do it (I was so happy)
Right here with everyone (More and more)
I want to get moving more and get started on my wishes (From here on out!)
Let's dance, the fun doesn't end
Do! I do! I sing! (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let's dance, with infinite energy
Create sparkles (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let's dance, smile naturally
Do! I do! I sing! (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let's dance, infinitely powerful
We can share that vibrancy, there is a place for us
Rising feelings (Oh yes!) Rising wishes (Oh yes!)
We're starting here, I'm sure
Rising prayers (Oh yes!) They're rising, you know (Oh yes!)
Something's… starting!
I want to move more and affirm my strength
Go go!→Tomorrow
Let's go, the world isn't unchanging
Do! I do! I live!
Let's go, as long as there's a possibility
Don't give up just yet
Let's go, if it's a natural smile
Do! I do! I live! (Yes, yes, yes!)
Let's go, the possibilities have come into view
We can shine vibrantly, there is a place for us
Let's go! Do! I do! I live!
Yes, Do! I do! I live!
Let's go, Let's go! Hi!!