POP TALKING; we won't stop anymore
Let's burst out laughing and talk together today, hey
POP TALKING; doing whatever we want
We're the best now, aren't we? C'mon, let's go!
How many times have you cut your bangs?
I came up with my own catchphrases
Confrontation is the only way to make your ideals happen (ei-ei-oh!)
It's forecasted to rain
But it's sunny out, what should I do with my umbrella?
You'll figure something out!
What are you talking about?
This conversation is too random! (Huh? lol)
Should we stop somewhere on our way home?
Let's stop by at the nearby café
What are some of the new releases?
I'm not sure if they're gummies or not
The pages in my note-book are smudged
The culprit must be your water bottle
We're chatting, running and jumping
From one location to the next
Everyday is a paradise
We're absolutely smiling
It's fun, no matter how many times
When I say I'll do it, I mean it
I only do things when they're important
Well, tell us how you feel then
Please sing with me! (Yay!)
POP TALKING; we won't stop anymore
Let's burst out laughing and talk together today, hey
POP TALKING; doing whatever we want
We're the best now, aren't we? C'mon, let's go!
Ah, I feel like throwing everything away
There, there, who doesn't?
Negative moods that come and go in a flash (yes, it's time!)
That's right, yesterday's song
I didn't understand most of it, but I loved it
What's the song title?
Do you not remember it?
That's so like you! (Grins!)
I may love it, but there's so much happening
I don't have time to remember all of this
I just cry and laugh in the moment
I'll probably forget this, but it's so warm
Breaking the tension by messing around
The never-ending sky is so beautiful
Everything I see and know about the town
It's a time to be excited
Excitement is spiralling
Mingling with your rival
When we're together, we're the best of friends
The sound of "best friends" is kind of embarrassing
But you know, I'm so happy that I'm skipping
Why don't we hold hands for a little while, then?
Please let me know! (Yay!)
POP TALKING; all we have is love
Let's have fun, get loud, and always hang out together, hey
POP TALKING; we want to sparkle
We're the best now, aren't we? Let's fly away!
Let's fly some more
Woah, woah, woo
Together!
POP TALKING; we won't stop anymore
Let's burst out laughing and talk together today, hey
POP TALKING; doing whatever we want
We're the best now, aren't we? C'mon, let's go!