I hit a shooting star back to heaven
(Let it fly! Don't worry)
"Home run!!" shouts Princess Kaguya
(Story of the bottom of the 9th inning)
What a surprise, a UFO has crashlanded
(Did I go too far!? I'm sorry)
When I wake up, my teacher is smiling at me
(There's no escape!)
I would rather keep dreaming a little longer, until my battery is fully charged
(Do you want to shutdown?)
But deep down, the tortoise and the hare have been racing each other for a long time
Do! Do! Do!
I'm ready for anything! Reality is full of handicaps
Now, now, now; this moment is our chance to start
I'm ready for anything! Get excited, damn it
Look, look, look, in the blink of an eye we'll make a drastic change
Fly, fly; just a little bit higher
Go, go; just a little bit further
If you and I (put in some effort) we'll surpass our own limits
We'll get through it 1000%
A treasure chest of ocean lunch boxes~
(They're full of gemstones~)
I'd make a dessert float over to me
(I'd like a cake or a peach)
I've eaten a lot so now I'm feeling sleepy
(I challenge you to a sumo match, sleepyhead)
When I wake up, my teacher is smiling at me
(Now I have after school detention)
I want to play only what I like with the whole world
(Fun comes first!)
In a hundred years, or ten thousand years, we'd be found in history books
Do! Do! Do!
When you're at a dead end, your motivation makes you invincible
Here, here, here it is; that feeling that makes us want to try harder
When you're at a dead end, show me a smile and you'll see what I mean
We still, still, still have to make this and that a success, right?
Fly, fly; we're almost there
Go, go; things are about to change
When you and I (are together) don't you feel your worries disappear?
Yes or no!? I don't really care
Here's a question! If you were tasked with exorcising a demon, how would you do it?
(Oh my! Oh my, my!)
Right! I would build an amusement park, a sauna, and hot springs in Onigashima
And I'd look for a peaceful solution to solve the problem!
But you know, there are days when we fail our tests
That's right, we are only human, after all (after all)
So, let's eat a dumpling and move on
There's (no way) we're ever (going to) give up
I'm ready for anything! Reality is full of handicaps
Now, now, now; this moment is our chance to start
I'm ready for anything! Get excited, damn it
Look, look, look, in the blink of an eye we'll make a drastic change
Fly, fly; just a little bit higher
Go, go; just a little bit further
If you and I (put in some effort) we'll surpass our own limits
(Hooray hooray! For us; hooray hooray! For everyone)
(Hooray hooray! Even with inflation, let's stay strong)
(Hooray hooray! For us; hooray hooray! For everyone)
(Hooray hooray! We'll show them our powerful friendship)
We'll get through it 1000%
We, we, we won't stop; go, go!!