We finally met, now come here
Let's start with "nice to meet you"
A dazzling world you've never seen before
We want to take you there; come on, hurry up!
Look! If your heart shakes, you're already in a new world!!
The first step always makes you anxious
What's going to happen now?
Those worries will get blown away (for you too)
You'll understand when you take that first step (you'll understand)
Whatever will be will be (let's jump in)
This colorful city will give us courage too
(I promise)
At any time, I'll always be by your side and
(Smiling)
If you're concerned at all
Just give it a try (let's try!)
This new excitement (this excitement)
The one who'll give it to us is... Yes! It's you!
"What! No way!?"
Let's run, three, two, one!
Welcome to our world
With you, we're so happy (so happy)
This completely blank map of the future (is filled with excitement)
If we hand hands and keep walking, flowers will bloom
Let's joy!
When the impossible becomes possible, it'll make you happy
Come on! Come on!
Come feel this together with us
Now, let's go
This moment will only happen once
It's okay if you don't know what you're doing
Just keep moving forward (from now on)
You'll see it more often (you'll see it)
The beginning of the sky (it's endless)
Soob, you'll gradually start to see where you're going
(Don't worry!)
For example, if you fall down,
(And notice the mistake)
You can put a positive spin on it
Let's believe in you together (let's believe!)
That nervous feeling (nervous feeling)
Is the start of something wonderful
It's now or never, three, two one!
Welcome to our world
When our eyes meet, I feel so lucky (So lucky)
A small drop of courage, taking just one small step (is so exciting)
If they overlap, you might be able to fly through the starry sky
Let's try!
We liked you at first sight, and instantly felt happy
Come on! Come on!
We want to teach you so many things
It'll be so much fun, Go Go Jump!!
Let's dream (more)
If you like it, then shout it out loud (right now)
There's no need to feel embarrassed
This is your chance to lure us in with your voice
Join us, ah!
It's not a coincidence that we met
This beginning of a new you is something special.
You're starting to come around, three, two, one!
Welcome to our world
With you, we're so happy (so happy)
This completely blank map of the future (is filled with excitement)
If we hand hands and keep walking, flowers will bloom
Let's joy!
When the impossible becomes possible, it'll make you happy
Come on! Come on!
Come feel this together with us
Now, let's go