Cheerful voices rush past, and just like that,
They begin to turn into the wind
I called out with a grin, "next time, you'll be the one running after me"
Could it be... I fell for the fox's tricks!?
On a chaotic afternoon,
I climbed the stone steps and found myself in a different world
With a bamboo flute that makes you forget your breath (with a bamboo flute)
The drumbeats that shake my heart (the echo of drums)
Somehow, I can't stop feeling restless
I can't seem to stay still!!
I'm so hot, so hot right now (I am)
Maybe it's because the sun is so bright (maybe)
Actually... I think it's because today feels so special,
And maybe because of you
I'm so hot, so hot right now (I am)
I just noticed that a soda pop burst in my chest (maybe it's you?)
I'm completely and carelessly all fizzy inside,
Is it okay if I start getting my hopes up? (It's already started!)
The future that awaits us from here on
Of course, the goldfish scooping
And even the candy cut-outs are just memories
Those few unconscious inches...
I just can't seem to step back
With my head down, I'm like a candied apple (candied apple)
Before I knew it, my coating had melted away (it had melted away...)
And somehow, I feel all soft and floaty
I can't seem to stay still!!
It's so lively it's good, it's good right?
Hey, after all, at the gate of laughter,
Just look! Happiness is already here
Even the lonely air that lingers after the festival
Clears away completely, leaving it bright and fresh
With a lion dance that feels like it's singing with joy (with a lion dance)
The handheld gong shining in golden light (the gong is beautiful)
Everything is shining and sparkling
I can't seem to stay still!!
Are you feeling hot, so hot now too?
Wait, did my telepathy actually reach you!?
You turn and flash that smile of yours, that's totally cheating!
So unfair! Way too unfair!
I'm so hot, so hot right now (I am)
Maybe it's because the sun is so bright (maybe)
Actually... I think it's because today feels so special,
And maybe because of you
I'm so hot, so hot right now (I am)
I just noticed that a soda pop burst in my chest (maybe it's you?)
I'm completely and carelessly all fizzy inside,
Is it okay if I start getting my hopes up? Show me what comes next!
The future that awaits us from here on (it's already started!)
Looks like a frozen treat