Your voice has turned into pure white wings
And now, I'm heading back to you
(Lovely! Megu-chan)
(L! O! V! E! Megu-chan)
It descended from the sky to the earth (a miracle)
Who's the cutest in the whole wide world today? (Megu-chan!)
Let me hear everyone's love, okay? Ready, all together now? (I love you!)
This love is also a mutual one (what the heck, that's awesome!)
(Give me!) The crowd-pleasing count today is...?
(Love me!) It's the number of thank-yous from me
(Kiss me!) You can never have too much of stuff like this, right?
(How precious!!!!!!!!)
If you're gonna laugh, then laugh, then laugh, then laugh
Even if you're mocking me with a smile, I'll still throw a peace sign your way
I hope my love reaches you, reaches you, reaches you
I'll teach you just how fun being obsessed can be
(Because I found my favorite) I've got a reason to live
(Because I got to meet my favorite) I'm full of emotions
I mean, I knew it all along, but I really am an angel!
(Lovely! Megu-chan)
(L! O! V! E! Megu-chan)
A way to kill time? The entrance can be anything (but there's no exit in sight)
Trying to hide your embarrassment? You're just so obvious (my heart can't take anymore of this)
Titles have no meaning, so let's speak together as fellow companions
The Megu-chan charms that make my heart flutter? (I could talk about them forever)
(Give me!) Light me up with your penlight
(Love me!) Let's make the world a better place together
(Kiss me!) Because that way, I can see your adorable face much better
Effort doesn't suit such an extraordinary smile
I wear the feeling that "I'm the strongest" as I step onto the stage again today
I had a dream right here, right here, right here
I found myself wishing not to wake up from this dream
It's time to go... but "see you later" doesn't feel right
So that we can meet again, keep calling for an encore, always
(Encore!!!!!!!!)
If you're gonna laugh, then laugh, then laugh, then laugh
Even if you're mocking me with a smile, I'll still throw a peace sign your way
I hope my love reaches you, reaches you, reaches you
I'll teach you just how fun being obsessed can be
(Because I found my favorite) I've got a reason to live
(Because I got to meet my favorite) I'm full of emotions
Your heart's pounding, isn't it?
You feel like you can do your best now
See? I told you, I really am an angel!