They fall all over the world
Star fragments of various colors
They twinkle and light up the sky!
Let's make sure to pick up every last one!!!
I believed in it as genuinely as possible
"There's only one destination"
A bird passing through the night
Run towards your passions
Get tangled up in the flow
Which wind am I supposed to take?
It's something that I want to do, that I love to do (Over days)
So I played hide and seek with various possibilities (Lalalala...)
My chest tightened and I became anxious
Until I found about this scenery! (So, Let's) Go around!
The doors that lead to countless journeys
You made me realize that they're always open
This is the real me
Endless futures await us
Ready, set! Let's do our best and give everything a try
It's okay if this is unprecedented, don't you think?!
Everything we can do! Do! Do! We Do! Do!
The scenarios are endless☆
High five! I'll get the wind on my side
Let's leave the difficult things behind and (Fly away!)
It's okay if it's not set in stone
Let's ask our hearts and head towards the sparkling sky
Infinity! Our wings!!
You should loosen up a little
We might come across a miracle. Look, it's flickering.
The wind is blowing with your feelings
Light shines down on us
"There's only one that's real"
A bird follows in pursuit
Where does the sparkle come from?
I want to know,
Which star should I choose?
The compass spins 'round and 'around (Over time)
I want to see the world that's waiting for me over there (Lalalala..)
I knew it wouldn't be easy
Until I saw this view!  So, Don't Be shy!
You showed me that there are many pieces
Of the map leading to the unknown
This is our story
Is your heart ready for it?!
It'll be okay! This is a bold starting line,
It's okay if you fail along the way!?
Everything we can do! Do! Do! We Do! Do!
This excitement is endless!
Changing! I'll change my point of view
There's more than one right answer (Fly so high!)
C'mon, let's go get 'em
Let's close our eyes and fly into the sky
Infinity！Our wings!!
Let's try it anyway!
A new future is waiting for us
High five! I'll get the wind on my side
Let's leave the difficult things behind and (Fly away!)
It's okay if it's not set in stone
Let's ask our hearts and head towards the sparkling sky
Infinity! Our wings!!
Look up at the sky
You have infinite choices and futures!
Let's embrace all of them!
Yes! Let's go as far as we can go!